add workflow for collaboration (#40)
inbo/git-course: src/workflow_review.md

- on the main page of the git repository on GitHub, hit tab `Issues`
- check for similar issues (using the search function)
    - if the issue already exists, add your comments or suggestions in this issue, or add a thumb emoticon (to follow the issue)
- if your issue is not yet reported, hit the button `New issue`
- give it an informative title and add a clear and complete description (with reproducible example if appropriate)

Issues can be used to:

- report to do's to yourself/team
- propose and discuss additions/changes
- report bugs in packages you're using

Issues can be:

- assigned to someone
- labeled (e.g. bug, documentation, help wanted,...)

# Add code in a new feature branch

(If you don't have the project locally, check the manual [here](https://inbo.github.io/git-course/course_rstudio.html#23_clone_a_repo_to_work_locally).)

In RStudio on the `Git`tab:

- make sure the `master` branch is active and up to date (`Pull`)
- add a `New Branch` (hit button) and give it an informative name
- add new code or change code, and make a `Commit` for every change
    - you can select specific lines or chunks, you don't have to commit all changes at once

>     - make 1 commit for each change and add a clear commit message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - bundle related changes in a single commit and add a clear commit message. Spread unrelated changes over multiple commits.
```

> - regularly `Push` your changes to the repository on github

Reviewer: don't push too frequently as every push might trigger the CI system. I'd recommend to push at least once a day. And more frequent if needed.

Author: solved in a232cf5

These steps are described into detail in a [separate workflow](https://inbo.github.io/git-course/workflow_rstudio.html) and in [this manual](https://inbo.github.io/git-course/course_rstudio.html#28_create_logical_commits).

> # Create a pull request

Reviewer: Create a pull request when the work is ready to share with collaborators. Pushing to a branch without PR has a smaller CI foot print than to a branch in a PR.

Author: In the remark I suggested to convert the PR to draft when not ready, I guess this also lowers the CI foot print?  (Supposing the number of pushes is the same with or without PR (in draft).)

I will anyway add the advice to create the PR when the work is ready.

Author: solved in 3f22d9e

Reviewer: AFAIK GitHub Actions does not distict between a PR and a draft PR.

Author: Does the action 'on: pull_request' run in a PR?  I noticed it didn't in a draft PR.  To be checked, is it ok to leave the remark as is?

- request reviewers by adding them on the right top of the page

For an explanation including screenshots, see [here](https://inbo.github.io/git-course/course_rstudio.html#214_pull_requests) or [here](https://inbo.github.io/git-course/workflow_rstudio.html#edits_on_branch_are_ready).

__Remark:__ after creating a pull request, it is still possible to add new
commits to this branch and pull request.
After pushing new commits in RStudio, they appear in the pull request.
To show others that you are not finished yet, you can convert the pull request
to draft (right top of page, where you request reviewers)

# Revision of code

Reviewers will receive an email with a link to the pull request, and they can:

- inspect
    - __the changes__ on GitHub in the pull request by inspecting the tabs `Conversation`, `Commits` and `Files changed`
    - __the adapted version__ locally in RStudio after hitting `Pull` and select the branch name (mentioned at the top of the pull request in GitHub)
- review it on GitHub by following [this workflow](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/reviewing-proposed-changes-in-a-pull-request#starting-a-review)

>     - when reviewing, do not mix unrelated items in 1 proposed change, to allow the author to selectively accept changes

Reviewer: But you can't accept all suggestions on a line in the same batch commit.

Author: How would you solve this?  Just remove this last line that starts with `when reviewing`?  In fact, while doing, they will probably automatically come a best strategy themselves.

Author: solved in 4ecf41d (removed sentence)

    - to propose major changes for a single issue yourself:
        - make a new branch in RStudio starting from the branch you are reviewing
        - add, commit and push your changes
        - make a pull request to merge your branch to the branch you are reviewing

During this revision, in the `Conversation` tab in the Pull request on GitHub:

> - the author can accept suggestions of reviewers by choosing `Commit suggestions`

Reviewer: is the better to do this is the "files change" tab. There you can add the suggestions in batch. So you can have a single commit to fix all the typo's instead of one commit for every typo.

Author: solved in 547a9c1

- suggestions or comments can be discussed using the comment boxes
- the author can re-request a reviewer after solving all comments

# Merge changes to master

Once you and your coworkers agreed on the final version in your branch, it can
be merged to the master branch:

> - in RStudio, make sure to include novel changes in the master branch:

Reviewer: The master branch should be protected. So you can't push changes to master. Hence you must merge to master via GitHub.
In case of conflicts you need to merge the master into the feature branch.

Author: Oups, typo, I meant 'from'...

Author: solved in 7a2ac2e

<div class="alert alert-danger">
When merging to the master branch or another important branch in the repo,
always do this on GitHub by using a pull request. It is recommended to protect
these branches to enforce this procedure.
</div>

Once you are satisfied with a version, you can [create a release](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/managing-releases-in-a-repository).

# Branch management

After deleting branches on the remote, you may want to get rid of them as well
in the selection list in the git pane in RStudio:

> - hit `More` and choose `Shell...`

Reviewer: I'm planning on adding a `clean_up()` function in `checklist`. inbo/checklist#46

Author: Nice!  I guess this was the only annoying task that was still remaining.  :-D

But maybe I better wait to change it till it is up and running?

Reviewer: Yes. Keep the current text as is. Merge when ready. Don't wait on inbo/checklist#46

Author: I'm afraid I'm not able to merge myself, as I don't have writing permits to this repo. :-(
